Updated git-annex documentation (#4)
spine-generic/data-multi-subject: README.md

> The processing pipeline to analyze this dataset is available in the [spine-generic repository](https://github.com/sct-pipeline/spine-generic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The processing pipeline to analyze this dataset is available in the [spine-generic documentation](https://spine-generic.readthedocs.io/en/latest/analysis-pipeline.html).
```
